time out
listen last year you got one
same injury and give guys and that too
play countries here
I go around here thinking maybe
use wants to play great us
I need one group and this is what my Douglas
cable man
we met last week but
I seem to know him all my life
true how nice okay chip douglas you
let's play my team
no, and here I am in the steven team
for another team wait i will dissolve
don't wanna stretch your tendons
label let's play you play well
immediately pass me under the ring then
you learn to let it seem ok
look at what you are capable of white day
before pee opened throw
there was a run
say minted we play lose
but
and
I'm here
maz steven I opened
how I love this game
how much is he today, thank you
brought his friend style